README.md, before:

# Wireguard friendly peer names
A small shellscript that makes it possible to give peers a friendlier and more readable name in the `wg` list

# Usage
Download the `wgg.sh` script, place it somewhere in your path and remember to make it executable (`chmod +x wgg.sh`)

Create the file `/etc/wireguard/peers` and add peers to it, using the following format
```
PEER-PUBLIC-KEY:FRIENDLY PEER NAME
```
example
```
0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789a=:A friendly peer name
```
Then just use `wgg.sh` (you can rename it to wgg, or make an alias for easier usage), and then all peers with a friendly will have it listed, like the following.

```
peer: 0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789a=
  friendly name: A friendly peer name
  endpoint: 127.0.0.1:12345
  allowed ips: 127.0.0.2/32
  latest handshake: 2 hours, 4 minutes, 15 seconds ago
  transfer: 84.60 MiB received, 94.05 MiB sent
```

# Compatibility note
The script was made using bash v4.4.20 and have not been tested on any other shells.

Commit message:

Handle non-existing peers file, so grep doesn't complain Moved functionality to functions Added ability to add unknown peers to peers file, asking for friendly name in the process Updated README

README.md, after:

# Wireguard friendly peer names
A small shellscript that makes it possible to give peers a friendlier and more readable name in the `wg` list

# Usage
Download the `wgg.sh` script, place it somewhere in your path and remember to make it executable (`chmod +x wgg.sh`)

Create the file `/etc/wireguard/peers` and add peers to it, using the following format
```
PEER-PUBLIC-KEY:FRIENDLY PEER NAME
```
example
```
0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789a=:A friendly peer name
```
Then just use `wgg.sh` (you can rename it to wgg, or make an alias for easier usage), and then all peers with a friendly will have it listed, like the following.

```
peer: 0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789a=
  friendly name: A friendly peer name
  endpoint: 127.0.0.1:12345
  allowed ips: 127.0.0.2/32
  latest handshake: 2 hours, 4 minutes, 15 seconds ago
  transfer: 84.60 MiB received, 94.05 MiB sent
```

# Adding unknown peers to peers file
If you run `wgg.sh -u`, all unknown peers will be added to `/etc/wireguard/peers`.

You will be prompted to enter a friendly name for each new peer found.

# Compatibility note
The script was made using bash v4.4.20 and have not been tested on any other shells.
